docs updates for retries / caching / docker-file-per-task (#207)
latchbio/latch: docs/source/basics/caching.md

# Caching

> Caching allows workflow developers to cache the results of tasks to prevent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caching allows workflow developers to reuse the results of previously run tasks to prevent
```

> wasted computation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
wasted time and computation.
```

This is helpful when running large batches of workflows with redundant inputs
or when debugging errors in the middle of a workflow where upstream state can

> be "saved".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be reused.
```

---

```python
import time
from latch import small_task

@small_task(cache=True)
def do_sleep(foo: str) -> str:

    time.sleep(60)
    return foo
```

> You can also pass an optional `cach_version` keyword argument to version your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also pass the optional `cache_version` keyword argument to version your
```

> cache with greater control. Tasks caches with explicit versions will get

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cache giving you greater control. Tasks caches with explicit versions will get
```

> invalidated if and only if the version changes. This is ideal if one wishes to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
invalidated if and only if the version changes. This is ideal if you wish to
```

preserve the cache despite the function body changing or to manually invalidate
the cache despite the function body remaining the same.

```python
import time
from latch import small_task

@small_task(cache=True, cache_version="0.0.0")
def do_sleep_with_version(foo: str) -> str:

    time.sleep(60)
    return foo
```

> ## Task Invalidation Behavior

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Cache Invalidation Behavior
```

Each task maintains its own cache that is independent from whatever workflow it
happens to be associated with.  This allows tasks to preserve their cache
across workflow re-registers if other tasks are modified. 

Examples of when a task's cache will get invalidated:

* code in the task function body (that is not a comment) is changed
* the task function signature (name or typing of input or output parameters) is
  changed
* an (optional) cache version is changed

Examples of when a task's cache will remain unchanged:

* the task function body does not
    change (comments do not count as changes that invalidate the cache).
* a new workflow was created with a task of the same name, signature and body
  (remember that task caches are independent from workflows that contain them)

> ## Task Isolation Criteria

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Comprehensive Cache Invalidation Criteria
```

> A more comprehensive list of what defines a unique cache follows. Between any
> two task caches, if any of the following things change, the caches will be
> distinct:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A task's cache will be invalidated and the task will be run from scratch if any of the following change:
```
